Skip broadcasting invalid txs (#1043)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

    to receive previous blocks.  [[#996]]
 -  Fixed a bug that `Swarm<T>` had thrown `InvalidGenesisBlockException`
    when reorg its chain repeatedly.  [[#996]]

>  -  Fixed a bug that `Swarm<T>` had re-broadcasted invalid transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Fixed a bug that `Swarm<T>` had propagated invalid transactions.
```
